alan/coo-835-docs-iframe-cookie-policy-embed-code-update (#25)
IdentitySquare/CookieChimp-Docs: docs/features/vendor-list-embed.mdx

---
title: "Embed Vendors List"

> description: "Embed up-to-date vendor information on your website."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Embed up-to-date vendor information for your cookie or privacy policy pages."
```

---

> Copy and paste the following script into the `<head>` section of your website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following script into the `<head>` section of your website, replacing `{account_id}` with your CookieChimp's account ID.
```
